---
layout: post
title: How square am I
---

Let me count the ways:

* The <b>icon my RSS client uses is of a newspaper printed on
paper</b>. RSS, RSS client, newspaper&nbsp;- that counts for three ways right there.
* <b>My t-shirts say nothing witty</b>.  I'm currently wearing one
emblazoned with an enigmatic logo for a local bike/walk event and
more importantly (if typography is any guide) THE LOGOS AND NAMES OF
ALL ITS SPONSORS.  There's a white stain from some goop my 
daughter spilled on me that I half-heartedly and ineffectually tried
to rub off with my nails. <i>Update:</i> I changed t-shirt.
* <b>My laptop has no funky stickers</b> from events or projects.
All there is, is a fading Intel Centrino Inside sticker it came with,
that has been gradually
rotating under my hand. It is now at a 30 degree angle, with traces
of exposed glue on the upper side. I don't plan to take any action about
this anytime soon. <i>Update:</i> the sticker fell off.
* <b>I don't have an interesting phone</b>. My phone is as dumb as they
come, and not in a hip way, more in a total-neglect and out-of-touchy
kind of way.
* <b>I've never changed my name on twitter</b>. Why are people doing that? <i>Update:</i> I get this now, thanks to pikesley <i>Update:</i> I mean Only Zuul <i>Update:</i> I mean <s>Galactus of the Left</s> <s>BIG PIPES</s> <s>Nun Of The Above</s> <s>Taylor's Wift</s> <s>Human Blockchain</s> <s>Unicode Batman</s> <s>Lord of the Flues</s> Head of Snorkelling.
* The <b>things I'm putting on this list</b> and not putting on it
no doubt reveal assumptions I'm making about what is hip
that confirm further my squaritude in ways I can't even imagine.
* <b>I totally get grumpy</b> about the dumb things that kids are doing
these days.  
* <b>I totally get grumpy</b> about how much sense
the dumb things that kids are doing these days ends up making in the end.

